[Music]
I've heard tales of your kind which
you're a mutant
created by magic roaming the continent
we don't want your kind here hunting
monsters for a price I thought you'd
have found or horns or something
I had them filed down
people call you I wanted to
[Music]
[Applause]
why not kill them because that I am what
they say I have all of our choices draw
our destinies closer
he's out there there's still hope
Carol to premiere
judge me they say witches can't feel
human emotion what do you believe in
[Music]
greater
and it's all a Samer
consistory life
the audacity
can't protect us
if you dismiss it
you were unleash
fool calamity upon us all
I'll take that chance
you
[Music]
the main stories but witches is it true
what they say
elves are the original sorcerers of the
continent when humans and monsters
arrived else taught us how to cut chaos
into magic and the humans looked at them
chaos is the most dangerous thing in
this world
without control chaos will kill you
so that's all like this to you
monsters and money it's all it needs to
me something out there weights
this child will be extraordinary
Jennifer imagine the most powerful woman
in the world
do you have what it takes
you can't outrun destiny just because
you're terrified of it
I can't do this without you
no matter what you choose
you'll come out bloody
you